Dannydevs pt 2: Ch. 7 edits (#118)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/move-basics/testing.md

## Test Fail Cases with `#[expected_failure]`

Tests for fail cases can be marked with `#[expected_failure]`. This attribute, when added to a `#[test]`
function, tells the compiler that the test is expected to fail. This is useful when you want to test
that a function fails when a certain condition is met.

> Note: This attribute can only be added to a `#[test]` function.

The attribute can take an argument specifying the expected abort code that should be returned if the

> test fails. If the test fails with a different abort code, it will fail. Likewise, if execution does

Reviewer: "If the test fails with a different abort code, it will fail." This doesn't seem like a useful sentence as currently worded?

Author: How about: "If the test returns an abort code different from the one specified in the argument, it will fail."

> test fails. If the test fails with a different abort code, it will fail. Likewise, if execution does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test fails. If the test returns an abort code different from the one specified in the argument, it will fail. Likewise, if execution does
```
